Update README.md (#11)
fhdsl/AnVIL_Outreach_Dashboard: README.md

# AnVIL Outreach Dashboard

[![Render Bookdown and Coursera](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/actions/workflows/render-all.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/actions/workflows/render-all.yml)

This course was created from [the AnVIL Template](https://github.com/jhudsl/AnVIL_bookdown_style), which is based on [the OTTR Template](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template)

You can see the rendered course material here: [https://hutchdatascience.org/AnVIL_Outreach_Dashboard/](https://hutchdatascience.org/AnVIL_Outreach_Dashboard/)

## About this dashboard

> The goal of this dashboard is to {info on what this course introduces}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this dashboard is to display outreach metrics associated with [The AnVIL Project](https://anvilproject.org/). This is currently under construction.
```
